Allow extenders to show data set attributes (#3730)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### New features and enhancements

> - Allow extenders to provide additional attributes for data sets. [#3730](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3730)

Reviewer: Similar to prior comment about release notes:
```suggestion
- Added capability for extenders to provide additional attributes for data sets. [#3730](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3730)
```
